for here in lomas de zamora in our
park eva perón with our
flagged with our students with
our teachers cure the flag is
a very big responsibility is to carry
the colors of our celestial flag and
white inside the heart by the
rest of our lives defend it being
proud of being neighbors and citizens
lomas de zamora but mainly
be proud of being Argentines for
I want that today they shout it very loud
now when I tell him his words and
Do not forget this day like in those
days that have to do with education
with being citizens I want
makes a very small reflection and a
very big thanks these heroes
anonymous that we have in lomas de zamora
they know devotion and passion and the
commitment that I have for education
that's why I'm asking for an immense
applause our teachers to our
teachers are our second mother
they were our second parents we
accompanied the best moment of our
lives our training
lifetime
and you guys
today are our future I know that they are going to
build a better homeland a hills of
Zamora much better depends on everyone
us from the adults that we help them
and that we give equal opportunities
for all that's why with our
president says that the fatherland is the other
is the homeland are you we are
solidarity, let us live with love, live with
happiness we think we can always
help the one next door count on me and
I want to hear you very strong that
now I 'm going to take the oath
students
they promise to defend it respecting it and loving it
with fraternal tolerance and respect and
transmitting in each and every one of
our acts its permanent values
irrefutable
I am very happy to be here today one is
he gets nervous he gets the skin of
hen and it's a great happiness to see
how the guys shouted loudly the
promise to the happy flag that they
be here that they come to share with
us this day of reconstruction of
values ​​of the union of the social fabric of
the family is to see the whole family loma
zamora an immense immense pride
love to be mayor of hills and be
celebrating this day with all my guys
from lomas de zamora
d